c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\studs8_2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Test_project\WebUI\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
